Would you like to participate in reaching Nordea’s strategy within the Digital space of the Savings & Investment area? We are looking for an experienced, Backend Developer to join One Digital - Digital Wealth Engineering team in Copenhagen. If you have several years of experience writing high quality Java/Spring Boot solutions and thrive in an Agile-fast paced environment, then read on!

At Nordea, we know our customers’ needs are changing – and we’re deeply committed to meeting them with the financial solutions of tomorrow. We’re creating an agile environment where we’re harnessing the power of technology – one where you can make an impact. Bring your skills, ideas and unique background. With us, you’ll find plenty of opportunities to grow and make your mark towards something bigger.

About Our Team

We are working close together with our colleagues in Digital Wealth (''DW''), under Wealth Management. We are situated in the Nordic, Poland and Mumbai. We add value by providing Savings and Investments services for private and small business customers primarily through the Mobile and Netbank channels, but also serve internal solutions for advisors, 24/7 and others.

Our products enable customers to invest pension & free assets into financial markets by trading stocks, bonds, ETF´s and other financial instruments. We track performance on portfolios, provide insight to financial markets, giving online advice and guidance, allowing customers to set goals and order the products they need. You will be able to work on a large technology stack where primary elements are Java(20+), latest Spring Boot, JPA and Kafka solutions together with a dedicated team of developers.

What You’ll Be Doing

Work with latest Java technologies in a large microservice environment with integrations to legacy systems, domain API´s, Kafka topics, databases and 3th party suppliers.
Work with dedicated and skilled business experts and enjoy the support of great colleagues with many years of experience developing online trading solutions.
Work with the development stages, from design to production. Also operation and support tasks will occur inside normal working hours.
Act as a technical sparring partner not only within team but also within the whole DW area.
Take full responsibility for what we develop and run. Maintaining existing code base and keeping it in a good shape and up to date is also essential part of your work.

This role is located in our HQ (Metro) in Copenhagen and we follow hybrid model of working. Starting month ideally before the summer vacation, but we are flexible.

Who You Are

To succeed in this role, we believe that you:

Are a highly technical person with some interest in finance industry
Are enthusiastic about your work
Are self-driven, structured and engaged
Are a team player
Are willing to learn

Your experience and background:

4+ years of experience working in backend engineering, with expert knowledge of Java, Spring Boot, REST, Kafka, JPA
Have a understanding of GIT, Jenkins, CI/CD, OAuth2, MSSQL, Unit testing and the ecosystem around microservices

It would ideal if you also:

Have experience working with Angular, Wicket, Elasticsearch
Know or use IntelliJ, GitHub Copilot

What We Offer

A culture  that fosters performance and growth in one of the largest Nordic banks, offering various opportunities to evolve, develop and learn from brilliant colleagues with diverse backgrounds in a vibrant working environment.

Hybrid working model – we believe in the value of bringing people together and at the same time we embrace the freedom of flexibility.

Diversity and inclusion is a natural part of our daily work. We know that an inclusive workplace is a sustainable one. We genuinely believe that our diverse backgrounds, experiences, characteristics and traits make us stronger together.

Collaboration. Ownership. Passion. Courage. These are the values that guide us in how we work and how we make decisions – and that we imagine you share with us.

If this sounds like you, get in touch!

Next steps

Submit your application no later than 12/06/2026. Please note that we will proceed with potential candidates already during the application period. If you have any question about recruitment steps you may contact our recruiter Sanna Frisk at sanna.frisk@nordea.com.

We enable dreams and aspirations for a greater good.

We build relationships.  We add a personal touch to everything we do – when advising our customers, collaborating with colleagues and meeting our potential candidates.

We learn and develop.  We take pride in being experts and thinking ahead. We use our expertise to meet our customers’ needs, from the simplest to the most complex. We bring a growth mindset to our work that enables us to focus on the broader perspective in our daily challenges.

We lead change.  We are responsible and aware of the impact of our decisions, both for our customers and for our local and global communities. Mindful of our responsibility towards current and future generations, we have made sustainability an integrated part of our business strategy.